Update to show passkey support (#367)
xmtp/docs-xmtp-org: docs/pages/agents/core-messaging/create-a-signer.mdx

# Create an EOA, SCW, or passkey signer

> XMTP SDKs support message signing with 2 different types of Ethereum accounts: Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs) and Smart Contract Wallets (SCWs). They also support message signing with passkeys. All SDK clients accept a signer object (or instance), which provides a method for signing messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XMTP SDKs support message signing with Ethereum accounts via Externally Owned Accounts (EOAs), Ethereum Smart Contract Wallets (SCWs), or Passkeys. All SDK clients accept a signer object (or instance), which provides a method for signing messages.
```
